Removing tech-preview header and updating documentation for retrievers and RRF (#114810)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/search/search-your-data/retrievers-overview.asciidoc

[[retrievers-overview]]
=== Retrievers

> A retriever is an abstraction that was added to the Search API in *8.14.0* and was made GA in *8.16.0*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A retriever is an abstraction that was added to the Search API in *8.14.0* and was made generally available in *8.16.0*.
```

> A retriever is an abstraction that was added to the Search API in *8.14.0* and has been made GA in *8.16.0*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A retriever is an abstraction that was added to the Search API in *8.14.0* and was made GA in *8.16.0*.
```

Reviewer 2: very nitty nit :)
